`azurerm_network_interface` - Support `auxiliary_mode`, `auxiliary_sku` (#22979)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/network_interface.html.markdown

---

> * `auxiliary_mode` - (Optional) The Auxiliary mode of the Network Interface. Possible values are `AcceleratedConnections`, `Floating` and `None`. Defaults to `None`.

Author: firstly: doc updated.
secondly: it is used for tuning the performance of network connections. I have updated the doc

> * `auxiliary_mode` - (Optional) Specifies auxiliary mode for enabling [Accelerated Connections](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/networking/nva-accelerated-connections) to improve networking performance. Possible values are `AcceleratedConnections` and `Floating`.

Author: Doc updated. Thanks.

> * `auxiliary_sku` - (Optional) Specifies auxiliary SKU for tuning the performance of network connections. Possible values are `A1`, `A2`, `A4` and `A8`.

Reviewer: (as above)

Author: Doc updated. Thanks.

> * `auxiliary_sku` - (Optional) The Auxiliary SKU of the Network Interface. Possible values are `A1`, `A2`, `A4`, `A8` and `None`. Defaults to `None`.

Author: firstly: Yes, I updated the doc for both of them
secondly: doc updated.
thirdly: It is used for enabling Accelerated Connections to improve networking performance. I have updated the doc.

> -> **Note:** `auxiliary_mode` and `auxiliary_sku` require the preview feature is enabled. See the [Prerequisites](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/networking/nva-accelerated-connections#prerequisites) for more details.

Reviewer: The Preview note should be listed under every preview field, and something along the lines of:

```suggestion
-> **Note:** `auxiliary_mode` is in **Preview** and requires that the preview is enabled - [more information can be found in the Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/networking/nva-accelerated-connections#prerequisites).
```

Author: Doc updated. Thanks.
